Now that we have all of our data inside the on input function let's make sure that we can iterate over
this list of movies right here.
And for every movie that we have fetched we're going to try to create a div element that kind of summarizes
the movie.
In particular I want to take every movie that we fetch.
I WANT TO GET THE POSTER PRINTED OUT as an image on the screen.
And I want to show that title for every movie as well.
So let's get to it.
I'm going to remove that console log and I'm going to replace it with a for of loop.
So I'll say for let movie of movies like so now we can use a for of loop right here.
We could use a normal for loop.
We can use a while loop for each map statement.
It's really up to you.
Personally I rather enjoy using four of loops because they're really easy to see and pretty easy to
understand as well.
So as we start to iterate over this list of movies right here we're going to get the movie variable
inside the loop.
So that movie variable is going to be the same objects that we're looking at inside of our console right
here.
So that right there is going to be the first movie variable and then we're going to go over the second
movie and then so on it's now inside of my loop.
I'm going to create a div
and then going to set the inner each to Mel on this div so I'll say div dot inner each team l I'm going
to use a set of back ticks here like so because I want to have a multi line string so I can nicely format
my HCM although I want to write out make note that you are supposed to use back tricks here we can not
use single quotes to form a multi line string in JavaScript that would be a syntax error to make sure
you have a back to character instead than inside of here.
I'm going to display an image that's going to show the poster for my movie to get the Your L for this
image or the s our C property.
Let's take another quick look at the movie object that we are working with.
So again this is the movie object that we are currently working with right here.
Notice that it has a poster property and that is a your URL to the poster image or this movie also take
note that its poster with a capital P..
So we need to make sure that we spell the property with capital P inside of our code as well so back
over here we're going to set the s RC on the image and remember to inject a javascript variable into
a string formed with tactics.
We use a dollar sign.
Curly braces like so we'll say movie dot poster with a capital P..
Now this right here is not quite correct.
There's a very small gotcha in there in order to write out a correct image tag.
We're supposed to write s our see a set of double quotes and then our link inside of their do whatever
it might be right now.
If we ran this code right here it would just take whatever the U.R.L. is and stick the oil directly
in without any double quotes.
So in other words we would end up with something like that which is not quite what we want.
Again we want to have some double quotes around it.
Let's make sure we get double quotes around.
Well we have to put them in ourselves.
I'm going to put double quote right there and a double quote.
On the other side next up I'm going to put an H one right after it.
Inside that each one I'm going to try to show the title of the movie so we can get the title of the
movie by referencing the title property.
And again notice it has a capital T inside the H one I'll do dollar sign curly braces with movie dot
title
okay.
That looks pretty good.
It's now the last thing we need to do is take the day we just created and insert it into her dorm somewhere
so that we can actually see it.
Let's go back over to our index dot each team L and we're going to make sure that we create some element
inside there that's going to list out all these different divs that we are creating they'll go back
over I'll find where we have our class Container and I'm going to add in a div with an I.D. of target.
This is not a really good practice right here to use an idea of target because well we might end up
with many different targets so to speak or things that we want to render content to inside of our application
but to be honest we're going to very quickly replace this date with something else like very very soon.
And that's why I'm just going to use it here very temporarily it's now back after we create our div
we can use a query selector to select that element with I.D. of target that we just added We'll do a
document dot query selector I'll look for pound target and I'll append child the div we've just created
okay and that should be at going to save this I'll go back over I'll refresh the page then I'll do a
search for Avengers and there we go.
So I can see my first poster right there I can see a title the next one and so on down the list so we
can definitely at least show some content now.
However I want you to notice that while I was typing this out I also got an error over here which is
kind of unexpected.
So let's take a quick pause.
It looks like everything worked but didn't quite work out quite as expected because we got an error.
So we'll come back in just a moment.
We're gonna figure out why we're seeing this error message and we're going to try to fix it.